oMG BBG today we have the metal fury
destroyer dome I'm actually a little bit
excited about this uh it's like a crazy
Hasbro version of zo g but it's 3 6 10
you guys remember if you watch the metal
4 D or metal fury there's one episode
it's like the 360 sphere oh yeah just
like it looks just like this so I guess
that's inspiring strong so we got an
actual version here is the 360 sphere so
what do you get with this kit now those
suckers yeah those are stickers right in
this all we're gonna put them on so good
oh you got yours so you got your gripper
here um this one with all the dents
inside is you 54 G 50 better gripping
power here you have the v-cut so this
one's opposite supposed to eliminate
friction and you got two bays with it we
pretty much attached the beyblades into
the grippers and launched them into the
sphere so we're assuming that you could
like interchange the new put whatever
beyblade you want in there yeah um but
yeah you got to base you got spiral fox
130 D cyclone herculeo 105 F okay and
there's two records don't like the only
dude it's all spider magazines grazie
I'll be sick that here shows you all the
parts but you guys probably already know
that metal fury man let's go open it up
boxing wrong with your voice William I
lost it the suit new to me you know
which guys watching Batman scream fear
all the plastics come on let's go drink
plastic or is it like it's good plastic
toilet bowl but it's taped down so be
careful guys here talk yeah oh now
you're actually there alien it comes
from outer space so here there's the
sphere it's all the parts you get
launchers tools track stays babe
beyblades and wheels you got these
pillars stickers really nice stickers on
the base so all the attachments should
probably put together now it's just
going packing all these are legs to the
center base watch your spider-man you
know dr. octopus is not no they don't
let you up
the fusion reactor core all these your
swearing lines inspired man look at all
these hidden side all the colors I let
me say that for almost everything I
don't it I think we just spider-man fans
yeah yo that putting the clips right now
okay look it so small well very small
packaging wasn't like a super big how
this gonna work like yeah like rattles
action okay let's let's try it I'm
excited to see how it goes so that's the
gripper and this is a v cut so with this
that you can actually customize the
paper plates like all beyblade metal
fury I just put on random parts yeah you
can put you can customize the tips and
stuff but uh inside the destroy result I
don't think the parts are gonna matter
that much cause she's just going to be
like 360 spinning around um
the weight of the baby will probably
should bottle this in the BB 10 so these
are like oversized BD 145 those are the
tracks okay that's it okay three
come on first Oh Molly first was point
game point the museum okay so that was
our unboxing of the destroy dome for
metal fury so hopefully we do some
battles with it hopefully but when a
quick battle if we remember we do
something as always good luck to all of
you George oing our giveaway you guys
are working very hard we see it in all
our comments and all our videos you guys
we love you guys love you long time
Kiki